---
title: Hyena's Dream
comments: true
---
I always felt a thirst within me, along with a sense of loneliness. And my mood, just as volatile as some 10x short/long index products, switches between ecstacy and anguish in one day.There are many places where this could stem from. I started primary school at the age of four, and having no peers wanted to play with. I constantly moved to new, bigger cities for school as an `outsider`. Or maybe I have an organic condition, like trigeminal neuralgia, and the cause was traced through medical tests. I feel lonely, accustomed to talking to myself. wrote down all these words, imaged various scenes and characters speaking them. In the end, it became my `dream`—to convey my thoughts and influence the world through these words. Thankfully, this dream has kept me from being consumed by my mind, from becoming one of the casualties of autism. But it also makes me constantly overly ambitious. I've never been at peace; every moment is consumed by this dream. It’s like the sun of my world—I can shield my eyes, but it’s futile.

At ECNU, studying Software Engineering was less about learning knowledge and more about learning how to struggle with myself.I feel like I have significant mental struggles, like constantly worrying about things like car accidents or the possibility of a world war, which often leaves me feeling paralyzed and unwilling to do anything. On top of that, my family's business failure made everything feel like a gloomy, bleak world? But thankfully, I have my dream, and my dark humor style. Even when I'm at my lowest point, I can always bounce back and get things done, preventing myself from spiraling into despair. I owe a lot to my ambition for keeping me going.

I went to Tokyo for work and managed to survive the immense pressure of the job and the COVID backdrop, eventually returning to China. Japan has cultivated my extraordinary resistance for old technology and overtime work, The downside, however, was that during that time, I grew to really dislike being a programmer. Sometimes I often asked myself if I am doing things that are irrelevant to the future.Before I had time to figure it out, the COVID-19 pandemic broke out. During that period, I was in a state of panic and anxiety every day, and I couldn't even be sure if my flight would take off the night before the ticket. Not to mention the various situations I was worried about every day before that. Now, when I think back, I am surprised that I was able to handle everything. But it seemed to have a paradoxical effect on me—rather than making me more depressed like during my college years, it actually improved my mindset significantly. Now, even if tomorrow marks the start of World War III, I wouldn't care much. 

After returning to China, I considered transitioning into finance and tried various paths, even earning a securities qualification. But in the end, I realized that, deep down, I truly love programming. In the small world of code, I have control over every component—from its name to its life cycle—and there's an immense sense of achievement in making that world run flawlessly. So, I returned to Shanghai and joined Citi Group. It turns out that what I truly disliked was not the profession of programming, but the work culture in Japan. Most importantly, I realized that this matter is closely related to my dreams. It's not that I want to tell a story, so I have to become a novelist. From my university days to now, I have been exploring and negating my understanding of various affairs, and the more I explore, the more I find that it is far from enough. I have experienced many things that others have not, and this is the wealth I have accumulated. Before `publishing`, the change I can make to the world, is to do what I am good at, and I am quite good at dealing with computers.

Now, my life feels relatively comfortable. Perhaps I could buy a house, settle down, marry, and have children—some might call that a small success. Yet, unfortunately, restlessness runs deep within me. There’s an insatiable drive to push forward, to honor the "dream" that has saved me in countless ways. I don’t know exactly how to achieve it. It’s like applying to a university—you can never know your chances for sure. But what I do know is that if I don’t apply, if I don’t take that first step, the chances are zero. I feel this pull, this need to venture into a larger world, to experience more, and to find a place where I can speak these stories freely. And so, this is my plan—the plan before all other plans. I want to pursue graduate studies, to step beyond the borders of China, and if fate allows, to rise even higher.

`Like a hyena chaseing the meat in the lion's mouth, If I stop, I might end up devouring myself`



